and then people who are absurd were already
61 well that the mai is pinching
that would be it it you can set
All I want to do is put the name
player minimum maximum players
or tablets can put a lot of
things I'm going to show you need to
configuration
then I will show the universe how
I'll download it here.
here below in this part that has
a list of everything that also has the
seneme display names number is type
minimum maximum tac or ip of the service you want
put on the tablet also ping from day to day
month year hour second minute was also the
if here the version addressing baquit name
server serves p
the motto of what would be Ana in minecraft
God can put it on the tab
money with a player has to be
to configure it already if you want it
A lot of things here you can see here the ping is
here also that works with
other plugins show low that will be
One more thing here, Dorinha, you see.
here appears lowering public players
You will see here, in fact, this part here.
O
You'll get it here to put it in the
another setting I'm going to show
now that this one here people are seeing this
here these lines is the whole straight line
straight out of stábile if you have three grandchildren three
squares there the 33 that here O
that the first line
this is the second line and so will put
depends on play cansou server depositors
lot has your brain if it will work
like this
here I made a zen pattern but they are not
shown as that is
on the first line that I put the
poison used or my name
understood on the second line I put
which is the number of players and the maximum or
minimum maximum brightness of players and
third line with which ping also
want to show ping and all the
the brain and this commitment that
seeing here is his default setting
nothing of xanadu pressed her to
chicken that is the second whole there
depends a lot of success and configuring the
third fourth fifth
and so will put all alone now I
show minecraft how it stays there
guys now that the whole minecraft
shown as good because I was in the
Brazil may opt for a cent j that
It's the default game I put the sarney in there
the second is the minimum and the maximum plate in the
server that is one that I have here brings
50 that put this setting and
third is the ping to what you only have in the
then normal zita is smooth in the brain.
second language you can have everything empty
three lots of empty bottom has the tag
economic is owner j
the idc view depends on the type of success it is
set up the tab has money has it all
to put it here, I think it's only now
liked young people and especially if you do not
Forget to comment that you found your
suggestions to me too, send opash
the name of the short papers plugin is free
or three times a day and he said people